README.md, before:

# Restaurant project

The aim of this project is to create a webpage for a fictive restaurant franchise, which can be found <a href="https://0ctavia.github.io/restaurant/">here</a>.

This project was developed in September 2019 in 4 days by myself as part of the <a href="https://www.becode.org/">BeCode.org</a> promotion Johnson 4.14, on the third week of our classes. If after 4 days the website has not reached completion of all the objectives, it can eventually be finished later.

As part of my learning journey, and to show everyone starts somewhere, a screenshot of the website after 4 days will be placed in this Readme later.

<h2>Objectives</h2>
<ul>
    <li>Website created using CSS framework</li>
    <li>Website contains 5 pages</li>
<ul>
    <li>Main: contains jumbotron and 2 panels</li>
    <li>Menu: containts a list with badges</li>
    <li>Pictures: contains at least 10 pictures and a pagination</li>
    <li>Restaurants page: contains a page with different addresses, a pam and schedules for each place</li>
    <li>Contact: contains a contact form</li>
    <li>Contain royalty-free pictures</li>
    <li>Personal objective: as the restaurant will be Japanese, the hiragana / katakana symbols should be readable by the browser</li>
</ul>

<h2>After four days</h2>
Screenshot of the layout on a computer
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/indexscreenshot.png?raw=true">

Screenshot of the layout on mobile
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/indexmobilescreenshot.png?raw=true">

<h2>Completion of project</h2>
Feedback on the project included suggestions for the following enhancements:
<ul>
    <li>Fixing the gallery images, which are not optimal on mobile devices and are different sizes </li>
    <li>Fixing the dropdown button which doesn't seem to be working</li>
    <li>Adapting the color chart of the buttons</li>
    <li>Adding the meaning of the vegan logo also on the menu page</li>
    <li>Transforming the navigation bar into a burger menu</li>
</ul>

<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/corrdesktop screenshot.png?raw=true" width="600px">
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/corrmobilescreenshot.png?raw=true">

<h3>Image source</h3>
All images are sourced from either pixabay.com or publicdomainpictures.net. Usage is non-commercial.

Commit message:

added mention of other branch to README

README.md, after:

# Restaurant project

The aim of this project is to create a webpage for a fictive restaurant franchise, which can be found <a href="https://0ctavia.github.io/restaurant/">here</a>.
This website is being reworked in the meantime, inside of a docker environment, and will be deployed elsewhere once changes are satisfactory. This work can be found in the "Dockerdev" branch of this repository.

This project was developed in September 2019 in 4 days by myself as part of the <a href="https://www.becode.org/">BeCode.org</a> promotion Johnson 4.14, on the third week of our classes. If after 4 days the website has not reached completion of all the objectives, it can eventually be finished later.

As part of my learning journey, and to show everyone starts somewhere, a screenshot of the website after 4 days will be placed in this Readme later.

<h2>Objectives</h2>
<ul>
    <li>Website created using CSS framework</li>
    <li>Website contains 5 pages</li>
<ul>
    <li>Main: contains jumbotron and 2 panels</li>
    <li>Menu: containts a list with badges</li>
    <li>Pictures: contains at least 10 pictures and a pagination</li>
    <li>Restaurants page: contains a page with different addresses, a pam and schedules for each place</li>
    <li>Contact: contains a contact form</li>
    <li>Contain royalty-free pictures</li>
    <li>Personal objective: as the restaurant will be Japanese, the hiragana / katakana symbols should be readable by the browser</li>
</ul>

<h2>After four days</h2>
Screenshot of the layout on a computer
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/indexscreenshot.png?raw=true">

Screenshot of the layout on mobile
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/indexmobilescreenshot.png?raw=true">

<h2>Completion of project</h2>
Feedback on the project included suggestions for the following enhancements:
<ul>
    <li>Fixing the gallery images, which are not optimal on mobile devices and are different sizes </li>
    <li>Fixing the dropdown button which doesn't seem to be working</li>
    <li>Adapting the color chart of the buttons</li>
    <li>Adding the meaning of the vegan logo also on the menu page</li>
    <li>Transforming the navigation bar into a burger menu</li>
</ul>

<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/corrdesktop screenshot.png?raw=true" width="600px">
<br>
<img src="https://github.com/0ctavia/restaurant/blob/master/assets/images/corrmobilescreenshot.png?raw=true">

<h3>Image source</h3>
All images are sourced from either pixabay.com or publicdomainpictures.net. Usage is non-commercial.
